# Pipedrive.UpdatePerson

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**name** | **String** | The name of the person | [optional] 
**owner_id** | **Number** | The ID of the user who will be marked as the owner of this person. When omitted, the authorized user ID will be used. | [optional] 
**org_id** | **Number** | The ID of the organization this person will belong to | [optional] 
**email** | [**[BasicPersonEmail]**](BasicPersonEmail.md) | An email address as a string or an array of email objects related to the person. The structure of the array is as follows: &#x60;[{ \&quot;value\&quot;: \&quot;mail@example.com\&quot;, \&quot;primary\&quot;: \&quot;true\&quot;, \&quot;label\&quot;: \&quot;main\&quot; }]&#x60;. Please note that only &#x60;value&#x60; is required. | [optional] 
**phone** | [**[BasePersonItemPhone]**](BasePersonItemPhone.md) | A phone number supplied as a string or an array of phone objects related to the person. The structure of the array is as follows: &#x60;[{ \&quot;value\&quot;: \&quot;12345\&quot;, \&quot;primary\&quot;: \&quot;true\&quot;, \&quot;label\&quot;: \&quot;mobile\&quot; }]&#x60;. Please note that only &#x60;value&#x60; is required. | [optional] 
**label** | **Number** | The label assigned to the person. When the &#x60;label&#x60; field is updated, the &#x60;label_ids&#x60; field value will be overwritten by the &#x60;label&#x60; field value. | [optional] 
**label_ids** | **[Number]** | The IDs of labels assigned to the person. When the &#x60;label_ids&#x60; field is updated, the &#x60;label&#x60; field value will be set to the first value of the &#x60;label_ids&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**visible_to** | [**VisibleTo**](VisibleTo.md) | The visibility of the person. If omitted, the visibility will be set to the default visibility setting of this item type for the authorized user. Read more about visibility groups &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://support.pipedrive.com/en/article/visibility-groups\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot; rel&#x3D;\&quot;noopener noreferrer\&quot;&gt;here&lt;/a&gt;.&lt;h4&gt;Essential / Advanced plan&lt;/h4&gt;&lt;table&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th style&#x3D;\&quot;width:40px\&quot;&gt;Value&lt;/th&gt;&lt;th&gt;Description&lt;/th&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#x60;1&#x60;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;Owner &amp;amp; followers&lt;/td&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#x60;3&#x60;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;Entire company&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;h4&gt;Professional / Enterprise plan&lt;/h4&gt;&lt;table&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th style&#x3D;\&quot;width:40px\&quot;&gt;Value&lt;/th&gt;&lt;th&gt;Description&lt;/th&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#x60;1&#x60;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;Owner only&lt;/td&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#x60;3&#x60;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;Owner&#39;s visibility group&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#x60;5&#x60;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;Owner&#39;s visibility group and sub-groups&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#x60;7&#x60;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;Entire company&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; | [optional] 
**marketing_status** | [**MarketingStatus**](MarketingStatus.md) | If the person does not have a valid email address, then the marketing status is **not set** and &#x60;no_consent&#x60; is returned for the &#x60;marketing_status&#x60; value when the new person is created. If the change is forbidden, the status will remain unchanged for every call that tries to modify the marketing status. Please be aware that it is only allowed **once** to change the marketing status from an old status to a new one.&lt;table&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;Value&lt;/th&gt;&lt;th&gt;Description&lt;/th&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#x60;no_consent&#x60;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;The customer has not given consent to receive any marketing communications&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#x60;unsubscribed&#x60;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;The customers have unsubscribed from ALL marketing communications&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#x60;subscribed&#x60;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;The customers are subscribed and are counted towards marketing caps&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#x60;archived&#x60;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;The customers with &#x60;subscribed&#x60; status can be moved to &#x60;archived&#x60; to save consent, but they are not paid for&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; | [optional] 
**add_time** | **String** | The optional creation date &amp; time of the person in UTC. Format: YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS | [optional] 


